c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\MotionCapture.exe.config
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\obj\x86\Debug\MotionCapture.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\obj\x86\Debug\MotionCapture.MotionCCTV.resources
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\obj\x86\Debug\MotionCapture.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\obj\x86\Debug\MotionCapture.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\MotionCapture.exe
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\MotionCapture.pdb
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\obj\x86\Debug\MotionCapture.exe
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\obj\x86\Debug\MotionCapture.pdb
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Video.VFW.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.DebuggerVisualizers (2010).dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Lego.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.dll
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Fuzzy.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Lego.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Video.Kinect.xml
c:\users\subash\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MotionCapture\MotionCapture\bin\x86\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
